# The LDES client

This package provides common tooling to work with LDESes.

The main functionality is to replicate an LDES, and keeping in-sync with it. It pipes the result to another processor complying to the connector architecture.

Install the package using `npm install -g ldes-client`

## Replication and synchronization

The LDES client works in two steps. The first step is an initialization phase: you need to bring your system up to speed and replicate an existing dataset. This can be done as follows:

```bash
ldes-repl 
```

Step two is to keep your copy in-sync. This can be done by starting from the state file that was generated by the `ldes-repl` process.

```bash
ldes-sync
```

You can also use this as a library in your TS/JS projects. See the [client.ts](lib/client.ts) file for documentation.


## Expected Features

 * Use view that is indicated as EventSource
 * Unit tests, performance tests, integration tests and conformance tests.
 * Use the client as a library
 * Use the client to pipe members to stdout for testing purposes
 * Use the client with the connector architecture 
 * Provide a json object (or file) denoting the expected connector architecture channel to write to.
 * Maybe add little feature flag to indicate that you only want to follow greaterThan relations.
 * Add flag 'keep all state', default value would only keep some seen page id's to conserve memory
 * Flag to indicate, don't store the emitted members, this is the default only if an EventSource is found
 * Overwrite Shacl insead of the LDES provided shape


## Other tooling available from this repository

 * A TREE/LDES hypermedia extractor
 * A class comparing and ordering links based on the tree:Relation spec


## Authors and license

 - Tests and design: Pieter Colpaert
 - Actual implementation: Arthur Vercruysse

© 2023 -- Ghent University - IMEC. MIT license
